The frequency illusion (also known as the Baader–Meinhof phenomenon) is a cognitive bias in which a person notices a specific concept, word, or product more frequently after recently becoming aware of it. The name "Baader–Meinhof phenomenon" was coined in 1994 by Terry Mullen in a letter to the St. Paul Pioneer Press.

During my uni time, my professzors used a very intesrtign case studies about a zen car which is yello wcolor. That was the first ttime Suzuiki with an indian manufatures lanusced this car, and the color was yellow very privly clor, which is very ctrahc and yo can spot it. They have inticued or propare soe 500 plus car and intirycdd few affluent city ;ike delhi, mumbai, balgalor and chennai some 500 pus car. Trust for some Uni studies i used to travelbetween mumbaoi and delhi, and evey time i visit mumbai and back and forth this car just come to my attention, even thouyhg this is only 500 pls car, whcih is very weired. 

Last year, i was dropping my son for basket ball and have to driv but gast on m25 and i floowred by car to some 57 miles per hr speech o the averga ecamera motiored road, then what i got speeding ticket, it is painful, i thknk i need to pay some £90 and attending their self awareness dricing class. do i diced to always be a;lreat. At scup i used to go to play my table tennis near on my retirn i used to pick my son from tunirbdge weels, so i got only 30 minutes to reach so i've to take A20 Sidcup Road, near Swanley Interchange , i been using this for last few month never seen any camera. Fo soe weired reason for floosing during summr. 

It was introduced by Transport for London (TfL) along the Kent-bound carriageway in October due to safety concerns over surface water flooding.

Whilst the temporary 40mph limit has been in place, it is understood more than 60,000 notices of intended prosecution (NIPs) have been issued to motorists for speeding by the Metropolitan Police.

Thousands of drivers previously signed a petition over a decision to go ahead with the speeding fines which they said were “incredibly harsh” and many have been forced to take their case to court.

i htink i drove the car at like 50 mph for two consecutive weeks without kno i leary recied the notices of intended prosecution letter whcih i was lying on my wife desk, she forget to gave me. they are very quick they just dispatch the notice the next days, it's all atomatd WIth out knwoing the drove the same raod again at 50mph, this time i got th letter, i just saw two l;etter back to back with blankc points , i know th efact i never win the court case just paid and moved on and it ias a compudsing inrexae of my insurance amoutn. 

Agin i said i 'm not going to give any more money to, so i mageal consiught decision to be alert. On my retiurn from NOttinghamd where my dughter had a ACL surgery on m=his way i have drop my son at a camping at Birghton at night like 12 and so we where very late like 1 clock mid night. So was driving with my daughter she has kept her lef on the support in the front seat, wife sitting at back ground chitty chat with her relatives earlt morning at 5 in india. All of a sudden we started a see a police car, i think was chasing us so i was in th emiddle lane he qas bedhing me for the last 15-20 minites, i keep blinking his light asking me to stop  the car on the hard sholder, I got anoyed with him, don;t know what happen and hwy he is behing me, i so i just came ot of my car, he shoulted on me get inside, it like he ia dealling qith a teriroist. Fom insde my wife and my duaghter shouted and screenaing have to pad the insurance, orad tax, i said yes, asgetr while the polic office just came to me asking me rool down the glasses and he he gave a tick for slow drivig on a motirowad an dhoggin ni th eiddle lane at might night where their is no one arounf at the brightiong eastbroune road.

So the lesson i lernred if you think of anything aabtsract concepy of some illfleeing , just rememebr this Baader Meinhof phenomenon.

