To develop a useful analysis of your high-speed rail dataset focusing on the key metrics of length, speed, duration, and cost efficiency, a good problem statement might be:

"Determine the efficiency of high-speed rail lines based on their speed, length, and cost, to identify the most cost-effective rail lines globally."

For this analysis, you can create a few DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) measures in Power BI to calculate and compare the efficiency and performance of different rail lines. Here are some DAX measures that would be particularly insightful:

Average Speed:

Average Speed = AVERAGE('RailData'[Max speed])
This measure calculates the average maximum speed across all rail lines.

Cost per Kilometer:

Cost per Km = DIVIDE('RailData'[Real cost], 'RailData'[Length], 0)
This measure computes the cost efficiency of the rail line by dividing the total real cost by the length of the rail line in kilometers.

Cost Efficiency Index:

Cost Efficiency Index = DIVIDE('RailData'[Max speed], 'RailData'[Cost per Km], 0)
This index provides a simple ratio of speed to cost per kilometer, offering a straightforward measure of cost efficiency. Higher values indicate more speed per dollar spent, signifying greater efficiency.

From the dataset details you've shared, which focuses on various attributes of high-speed rail lines, a simple and insightful problem statement for analysis could be:

"Determine the cost-efficiency of high-speed rail lines based on their length, maximum speed, and construction cost."

This problem statement allows you to assess how effectively money is spent relative to the speed and scale of the rail projects.

Relevant Power BI DAX Measure
To draw insights based on this problem statement in Power BI, you can create a DAX measure that calculates the cost per kilometer per maximum speed. This measure will help to analyze the cost-efficiency considering both the length of the line and the speeds that can be achieved.

Cost Efficiency = DIVIDE([Real cost], [Length]*[Max speed], 0)

Explanation:

Real cost: This should be a column that provides the total construction or operational cost adjusted for inflation or PPP, which might need to be computed based on your raw data.
Length: This is the total length of the high-speed rail line.
Max speed: This is the maximum speed the trains can achieve on the line.
The DIVIDE function is used to safely perform the division, returning 0 in cases where the denominator might be 0, which prevents errors in your report.

Analysis using the measure:

You can create a scatter plot in Power BI with Length on the X-axis, Max speed on the Y-axis, and Cost Efficiency as the size of the scatter points. This visual can help you quickly identify which rail lines are more cost-efficient in terms of their length and speed capabilities.
Alternatively, a bar chart ranking the rail lines by the Cost Efficiency measure can clearly show which lines offer the most speed per dollar spent per kilometer.
This measure and these visuals would provide straightforward insights into the efficiency of investment across different high-speed rail projects, considering key performance metrics like speed and scale.
