Today, we are going to learn how to use Power BI in just 10 minutes.
All organizations have a tremendous amount of data, but what are the stories behind that data, and what decisions should you make based on that data?
Power BI can help us with this.
We'll start with how you can import data into Power BI.
Then we'll look at how you could build a data model and start to add some visuals and also filter your data.
Finally, we'll look at how you can share out your reports and dashboards with others.
Let's start with how you can get Power BI.
How to get Power Bi Desktop
To get Power BI, open up the Microsoft Store and up in the search field on top, search for Power BI.
In the results, you'll see three different options.
Which one should you get?
First, we have Power BI, and this allows you to view and interact with existing reports.
Here we have Power BI Desktop, and this gives you the full functionality to model your data and also to build reports.
Lastly, we also have the report builder.
This has much of the functionality that you'll find in desktop, but it's not quite as feature rich.
For this video, we're going to use the desktop experience.
Simply click on this, and right here, you can click to install or open if you already have the app installed.
Welcome screen
When you launch Power BI for the first time, you'll see this initial splash screen.
Over on the left-hand side, you can get data and in a moment we'll do this.
Right down below, you can also access recent data sources that you've used.
Here, you'll see any other Power BI reports that you might have worked on and you can also navigate to other reports that you may have access to.
Over on the right-hand side, you have all sorts of different learning resources that are well worth looking at.
If you don't want to see this splash screen on launch, at the very bottom, you can uncheck this box, and this will no longer appear.
For now, I'll close this window in the top right-hand corner.
Get data
This drops us into the main report view in Power BI.
Over on the left-hand side, here I can see that I am in the report view.
Currently, we don't have any data in here yet.
Luckily, it's very easy to get data in.
Right here, we can add data to our report, or right up here on the "Home" tab on the ribbon, here we also have the option to import data.
When I click on this "Get Data" dropdown, you'll see that there are all sorts of different sources that you can pull into Power BI.
Chances are, if you have data, you'll be able to bring it in.
For this video, I'm going to use data in an Excel workbook.
If you'd like to follow along, I've included a link to this workbook down below in the description.
I'll click on this.
Here, I see my workbook.
I'll double-click on this.
This opens up the Navigator, and this will assist me with getting my data into Power BI.
Here, I see my Excel workbook name, and I see that it has two separate tables and two separate sheets.
You can tell based on this icon here.
I can click into one of these tables, and here I can preview the data.
There's one table called "Customers," and this has all of the customer information.




----------
Save and Publish Report on Web
So I'm just gonna rename this double click, call it report and let's save our file.
So go to file and save, give it a name and save the file.
If you wanna share your report with others so that they can interact with the report, you're gonna want to publish, just go to publish right here and select a destination.
This is gonna publish it to the power BI service.
I'm just gonna publish mine to reports, click and select, and it's publishing it to power BI. It might take some time.
Once it's done, you're gonna see the success message right here to open it.
You can directly click on this link.
It's gonna open up the browser and take you to your report on the web here.
You can interact with the report on the web because check this out.
We are on power bi.com. So if you're logged into your office account, you can just type in powerbi.com and you can access your reports directly from the web.
Share Report with Others
You have the option to share the report with others as well, either people in your organization, specific people, people with existing access and so on.
You can also adjust some settings down here.
Now you can also share this report in teams, right?
So depending on the rights and where you publish it, you can add this report as a separate tab in teams.
So over here in teams, I'm gonna go to this general channel and add a new tab for power BI.
It's gonna up my workspaces, select the report that I just made and save it as a separate tab.
All the interactivity that we saw before is there. You can switch the years.
You can filter by selecting an option from any of your visuals here as well.
Wrap Up
This wraps up our introduction to power BI. So as you probably noticed, just from looking at those available functionalities that were in the menu, there is a lot you can do in power BI.
There's a lot of different options that you have for importing and cleaning your data.
There is a lot to relationships and writing your own DAX functions to do more complex calculations that you need for your data analysis. Now, the great thing is if you're using power query and power pivot in Excel, you can easily apply that knowledge to power BI as well.
So it's much easier to get started. That's it for today.
I hope you enjoyed this tutorial.
If you did hit that thumbs up and subscribe to this channel in case you aren't subscribed already.
Thank you for watching and I'm gonna see you in the next video."
